Adds status to methods and adds enablement of all methods (#620)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/profiles-api/enable-method.rst

Enable a payment method on a specific or authenticated profile to use it with payments.

> .. note:: Some payment methods might need extra steps to be enabled (like PayPal and its authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Some payment methods might need extra steps to be activated, for example an OAuth connection with the supplier.
```

>           In those cases, the status will be set to pending and the response will contain a link to continue the enablement.

Reviewer: `pending-external`? Are you just describing PayPal here, or every scenario that can yield a `pending-*` status?

>           In those cases, the status will be set to ``pending-external`` and the response will contain a link to continue the enablement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          In those cases, the status will be set to ``pending-external`` and the response will contain a link to continue the activation.
```

Example
-------

> Request (method that can be immediately enabled)

Reviewer: Should we have two examples? Since this endpoint no longer throws, the response is the same. Also the response on line 95 is incorrect since it should contain all the details as well. My suggestion would be to just stick with one Request/Response example.

Author: Fair point, will merge them

   Content-Type: application/hal+json; charset=utf-8

   {
        "resource": "method",
        "id": "ideal",
        "description": "iDEAL",
        "minimumAmount": {
            "value": "0.01",
            "currency": "EUR"
        },
        "maximumAmount": {
            "value": "50000.00",
            "currency": "EUR"
        },
        "image": {
            "size1x": "https://www.mollie.com/external/icons/payment-methods/ideal.png",
            "size2x": "https://www.mollie.com/external/icons/payment-methods/ideal%402x.png",
            "svg": "https://www.mollie.com/external/icons/payment-methods/ideal.svg"
        },
        "status": "activated",
        "_links": {
            "self": {
                "href": "https://api.mollie.com/v2/methods/ideal",
                "type": "application/hal+json"
            },

>             "documentation": {

Reviewer 2: This should not be under the `documentation` key?

Author: What do you mean? The response comes from postman.

      $profile = $mollie->profiles->get('pfl_v9hTwCvYqw');

>       try {

Reviewer: Do we still throw? I don't think so right?
